not much bro so you can see us yeah at
my end at my end i'm recording the video
of me but not the video of you so vo i
know you you keep your facebook but so
i'm recording the audio in the video but
your audio only okay yeah cool melissa i
don't don't know your name either
actually other than yeah other than
being in revolution want us to call you
big rev or what that's what i called you
back in the day ah be online okay see me
grab it is alright yeah well it's just
long talk remark i I mean you wanted to
initiate this I can speculate and say
you probably want an apology to me some
of the things because I find you to be
contacting a lot of people we should
need to try and initiate computation
well that night that ain't new and my
channel of always reaches people I've
reached out to people since day one of
the channel so no I mean you know people
can make rumors out of anything and
during writers done that like oh it's a
big deal that I got in touch with people
in Chiangmai I got in touch people in
Chiangmai when my channel was brand new
and you know only 200 people had heard
of me I got in touch with people you
know when I had 10,000 subscribers I've
you know my whole channel of being
always constantly reaching out to people
from different walks of life for the
future of the movement now it's more
rare they reach out to someone who's for
instance a competitive Fitness athlete
but I remember not too long ago I did
that because there was one competitive
Fitness athlete who went to a vegan only
conference you know this special
conference for people who are basically
vegan in the fitness industry and I
thought wow I'd like to Yerba that look
I'd like to know what that kind of
conference is like or what what goes on
there so you know sometimes even
channels where you might not think I'd
write to them saying hey you know do you
want to come instead you want to talk to
me when there is something we have in
common that I think is worth discussing
I reach you positively lock-ons people
including people who either really do
hate me or people who
again they make sure family
sure well you know well it's part of the
it's part of what people do to dramatize
their channels on on YouTube you know
there's a lot of phony hate and phony
anguish Oh Google don't feel like no I
like the way you described that excuse
my arch-nemesis and now that sorting
that's all you can human more than I
didn't really feel I mean the way I see
is like I'm up against McDonald's
they're the enemies a bit within that
there is southern fighting with veganism
and then you know I would you to give
you a shout out when you first start it
owes when you're in your queue subs Oh
sir and I didn't like obvious is
interesting because here's a guy who's
doing something that other people aren't
like kind of long videos talking about
purely mostly the epic and a little bit
of psychology of the people in the next
I think of them yeah I I just wanted to
know your motivation to the podcast like
you're saying is to progress to media
movement but I pissed you're too much
man I think Michael Dixon on well look
man you know I think you also were
changing this this year you might say in
2016 a lot of vegans on YouTube had
overly leveraged expectations back in
2016 quite a few people when they first
talked to me on skype or you know
sometimes by email or other kinds of
messaging that one of the first things
that say to me is why don't you just
quit your job and do YouTube full time
the people who said to me in 2016 all
the time
and in 2017 I think a lot of people the
first big impetus for philosophical
political change was actually that they
lost faith in that they lost faith in
the idea that YouTube was going to pay
their rent and then following soon after
that I think it served as themselves why
are they making these other compromises
like if you no longer believe you're
going to make money out of this why are
you compromising with somebody like
durianrider
whom you may find offensive or
reprehensible in different ways or who
may just be insulting and hurting your
friends in different ways because most
of us you know yeah that so that's one
example there are numerous other
examples I think a lot of people start
to look at the meaning of and purpose of
what they're doing in a different way
you know as that your
shifted so now I do think a lot of
things have changed in the last year on
your channel and probably how you
perceive both your own activism ie
real-world activism and the function of
your channel and I think you know across
the whole scene a lot of things to
choose that way and also as you know
like a lot of things used to scream at
me about you you used to engage in
active conspiracy theories claiming that
I used to be an employee of the CIA and
if I was that doesn't in any way
discredit me as a voice of veganism let
me just say I'm sure there are some
perfectly good highly ethical vegans
working for the agency today providing
quality intelligence work I just want to
say but I used to used to indulge in
this in this range of things but in cute
including being used to rant on used to
believe that my core case wasn't real
and so on at this point so many of those
facts have been disclosed and proven
redundantly that I knew that you'd be
coming into this conversation with a
very different set of attitudes and
assumptions then you would have I think
just six months ago like I think you now
know that like on every kind of talking
point or sticking point I was telling
the truth
and other people were lying and I was
telling the truth consistently for
whatever a year or however long you're
counting um yeah I suppose dude I never
I'm getting bit of feedback I don't know
if you took bowling down little bit more
Anderson okay well do that helps Willie
yeah
Islam yeah I think I never said we were
CIA
I said I'm suspicious of this guy and he
might be which is this different I'd say
as to whether I mean that and you know I
do apologize for that because I was too
quick to assume and like to speculate
which are then that speculating just
lead to the sort of vegan cheese of the
world and I know I'll be part of that
right and you and I knew each other
personally before that time too
so I mean as the vegan cheetah it's not
the kids it's not the case that you were
a complete stranger especially about me
you know you and I had talked for a long
time by you know internet messages back
and forth and you had sent me
appreciative messages about my videos
and I attend you appreciate messages of
yours we talk about what I'm seeing so I
know you knew about things there's my
family's that you
Jenna my divorce everything else we had
progressed in the friendship to that
point so yeah both roadside observers
and for me it was a little weird to see
you going up to defend that way because
they say I'm just answering your
question you asked why talk now well I
do think your channel has changed your
condos change your conduct has changed
I've seen that in your conduct the types
of messages you're putting out now you
know written messages and to give more
than videos you could say about the biz
to is very very different from what
you're doing one year ago or six months
ago and I'm not here to analyze why but
I saw in that change though maybe this
is now an opportunity to reach out to
you positively to like I say since day
one of my channel I've been reaching out
to people positively including people I
have very little in common with or where
they're very clear you know ideological
divisions even you know I had one woman
on my channel is a conservative Mormon
who believes in no sex before marriage
and she believes that you know like
pornography is evil and will take you to
hell and like she doesn't even believe
in masturbation I've had people on my
channel who you know really
fundamentally have a different view of
the world than I do and you know again I
think many of my critics don't
appreciate that about me because they
don't actually watch my channel but I've
always been open to bringing people on
tour you know in that sense represent
meaningfully different perspectives
within veganism I don't I don't think
about a single person channel was
actually non vegan but you know it's a
theory I'd be open that to open at
someone who has you know meaningful oh I
have one guy who was vegetarian not
Vanessa sure that guy from South America
but anyway yeah so no I just say that's
that that kind of openness and positive
engagement that's always been part of
what I'm doing and sometimes you get
positive results and sends you negative
results oh yeah I'd say well you just
said that one thing I definitely learn I
wouldn't even say 2016 was like
idealistic phase I'd say that 2016 was
like the death of that a little bit 2015
was very idealistic
is one of the things I've learned I'd
call you out before you just said is
calling something to Friendship we're
knowing something someone personally
having never met them and I think that's
one of the biggest mistakes of the
online vegan community is treating
people like it's a personal friendship
when actually means the first time the
only language of the way they interact
offline would be completely different
and as someone with some common
packaging yeah well but there are also
father's experiences when I met people
in Chiangmai one of the most common
comments I got was that they were
astounded that in person I behaved
exactly the same way I do on YouTube I
speak about veganism and being in
politics exactly the same way I do in
YouTube I'm really straight and really
honest with people and you know I talk
about dating and my love life exactly
the same way in person as fatu on
YouTube so you know again like I don't
really think you should make a general
rule about that I was really straight
with you you know big Rev I really
talked to you about my real life my work
history my personal life my divorce who
I was I talked to you about all that
stuff and in return
you kept a mask on and never told me
your real name so you were fake with me
but I was 100% real with you and
everyone can see that because what I
talk about on YouTube is consistent with
tact and again for someone like you look
understand you're in a difficult
position you used to really look up to
you know freelee and durianrider I can
remember videos you made in the past
where you know and I'm not insulting you
for that I'm insane but I could never
just say what I can remember where you
really talk to them in a very respectful
way where you really did look up to them
well but they lied hold on love you
citizens they lie about many many
important things you know just to use
one objective example freely lied about
our credentials in our education they
also lied about medical and scientific
facts you can make a long list of things
where it's a really a verifiable that
this is a lie and it matters and you
were one of the people who rather than
recognizing that I was really being
consistently honest and forthright with
you in private communication and
publicly you chose to treat during
writer as more as a respectable source
information I was and you see where that
got you I mean you see the path that
that lady no those people were liars
they were proven liars and you used to
make accusations as ever
call even that I was lying about my
university diploma which is ridiculous I
mean I've been honest about my career
and my experience university to a fault
I'm not talking great detail but my
experience how negative it was and so on
so Rev that's the way you responded to
those you know those issues and
opportunities and you see work at you
but no so long story short some people
online are going to lie to you some
people are fake and some people are real
and I would say the better advice is you
got to know what's what
you know I'm 38 so I don't mind playing
that game um I mean your name you say
you forget about your name while I was
hiding behind masks like you names
actually Benjamin is that right
No you've seen my passport you've seen
my passport on screen haven't you wait
wait a minute yes your question is your
question
here's your question have I or have I
not show my passport on screen I can get
it now okay so so now you have two
choices today of two choices either you
believe what durianrider says that it's
a fake passport or you believe I'm
showing you my real passport and you
chose you chose to believe during Ryder
like face up to it you know you were one
of the people no no yes and I talked to
you about that I talked to everyone
about that I've talked about on
livestream start voting YouTube videos
it's not a secret never has been
I talked about that need to be with the
light winds I started openly always but
you were one of the people stupid enough
to believe durianrider and even to go
further creating new lies and stories
embellishing on and expanding on this
idea that I was leading a double life
when I was being straight with you and
if you had ever been willing and if you
had ever wanted to talk to me I could
have been even more stir with you anyone
who doubted that the court case was real
look here I can give you legal documents
anyone who doubted anything I was just
engaging with you buzz Li you're
completing a lot of different things
like one
they're not they're not different things
they're not different things revs and
here's why because they're all about me
telling the truth and you lying you lied
again and again in the period but a year
and a half for no good reason not for
the benefit of the movement not to take
down McDonald's but to hurt me to hurt
me personally and professionally and on
YouTube and in my job and in my personal
life the last time I talked to you the
last time we talked before this was you
came on my live stream and you told me
that you're in touch with my ex-wife and
that you were going to somehow Docs me
or determine so good so tell me
something tell me think you party
yourself like how does that make what
kind of a person that makes you Rev like
it's not like you talked to me about
that as a friend you tried to make that
into a threat so what what kind of a guy
are you what kind of a guy are you what
kind of person do you want to be okay so
you blocked me at that point so I wasn't
able to get in communication with you
and oh wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute let's go to Google and write in
Google email
aisel mozart you had no way to get in
touch with me is that the truth or is
that a lot is that it is that is that
the truth or is that a lie reve reve
that is already a lie they continue but
that is already alive I could have
emailed you but the reason I contacted
your wife is because I wanted to hear it
from her rather than just you because if
I can if I'm suspicious of you lying I
can't ask you if you're lying to figure
out your life with it so what you want
to know for my divorce is that what you
want to know about what do you want to
know before I slip the situation yeah
thanks I talked to her last night this
is yesterday with Alaska I talked to her
yesterday
I'm Scott Key so what sorry sorry reve
reve so you you were just saying we're
not friends you've never shown me your
face you never told me your name
although I know it anyway because Briana
jackfruits invited you out gangster that
she is but look Rev like so you gotten
touched my ex-wife let's do that most
basic thing that sympathy requires how
would you feel if someone
that to you if someone got in touch with
your ex-girlfriend for the same reasons
you got those times when I mean I've got
nothing to hide sighs I'm not I'm not
asking you if you've got anything to
hide you're wearing a mask you weight it
you're literally you're literally
wearing a mask I'm not I'm not asking if
you guys can hide I'm asking you if what
you're doing is moral or immoral I'm
asking you how you'd feel if someone
else was doing it to you I'm not asking
if you're gonna deny it I don't care if
you've got anything I that's that's what
I'm asking you know dogs me online
saying my mask we just did give me and I
have okay are you gonna look you think i
darkest you online how did I doctor you
online well first off you send a blank
email to my personal email which was
sort of grandiose so we're being like oh
I know and then shortly after that did a
video wife you tried to using a lot of
sophistry trying to make me sound as if
I was a Holocaust denier that's that's
daxing no no I mean you should we need
so rest
given your given your definition
dachshund have you or have you not Doc's
to me because I've seen you and directly
in conversation with durianrider because
you were doing a public forum I have
seen you by your own definition Daxing
me you dug up personal information on me
you got in touch next wife you did
everything you could to defame me from
claiming that I from claiming that I
work for Monsanto as a shill to making
up you I have seen you directly claiming
that I'm a danger to my own daughter
that I shouldn't be allowed to see my
own daughter I've seen you do all the
stuff nothing was too nothing was too
low for you okay so if you if you think
I'm guilty of daxing you if you think
I'm guilty of talk to you then you can
ask yourself whether or not you're
guilty of daxing me not only deduction
you sat in front of it citizen
four-poster world
which means like the irony I completely
lost the new penny in terms of right why
don't you why don't you rephrase
why don't you rephrase your accusation
as a question what is it what does you
want to know you know I already know it
I you just talk to me a lot can I ask
you actually did um get some cool disco
Nova took you off to who I was dude
anyone could a figure of you were by
going to Google and putting in I'm gonna
answer your question right now I went to
Google and I just googled information I
already knew about you like that you
know you you're the religion of your
parents where you grew up that you're
vegan like Somerset and I got your
website just the information that you've
talked about on your podcast but no you
have a website for yourself as a
filmmaker and that's how I got your
website and got your name cuz you were
all that was all I had to do was go to
Google and Google five or six key terms
you just said you did with my name yeah
I googled I googled information from
your podcast and I got your website as a
filmmaker no I'm telling you I googled
information that you had already
provided with yourself it's a long time
ago and I got the website that a
filmmaker I'm sorry I forget if it was
Somerset or what but some of the other
information about you and where you
described yourself and was obvious that
it was you can we hug different or feel
like you put it all so look is this
about is this about whether or not I'm a
good person
is about whether or not you're a good
person what like what is the topic being
discussed here okay cuz Josh let me tell
you something you have no idea what a
terrible person I am I'm not here to
debate whether or not I'm a good person
with you Josh you have no idea what I've
done in my past you have no idea what
I'm capable of in the future and Josh if
you think I feel the same way about you
I do
but I'm here talking to you with an open
heart and an open mind because I really
genuinely care about the future of the
vegan movement and everything you say
and everything you do indicates that you
don't at no point in the last two years
have you've been acting as an activist
in good faith concerned about the future
of the movement ma'am all the stuff
you've just described all of the games
you played and trying to discredit me
and defame me and insult me and hurt my
feelings and talk to my ex-wife and talk
to durianrider all of that whereas it
got you man because look you have a
background in film right that's not a
secret you have that kind of film and
you're capable of making videos on
YouTube that are much better than the
average vegan youtubers but you know you
created enormous hatred and resentment
against yourself you really discredit
yourself with your own behavior in the
last two years so now you put up a now
you put up a top ten video I went and
looked at your channel again you have a
recent top ten video which was good you
did good work we both watched it
together I commented many times oh look
this is better than the majority you
want something in YouTube but Josh you
got like 1,200 viewers on it and that is
really the consequence of how you've
treated a large number of people not
just me you haven't acted with dignity
you haven't treated other people with
dignity and you're not really doing it
now so dude look you started by asking
me why I reached out to you positively
now it was a good question and I gave
you a good answer
you don't seem to have any good answer
for your own behavior over the last two
years men ask you some really simple
questions I'm interested what motivation
was for changing your name from Benjamin
I I have I have a video on that I think
it's like 40 minutes long so do you
watch my channel as you you can search
the video so it's called my nom de
guerre no I think you can go and watch
the video if you're interested but I
addressed that already you need to I did
with the light twins over a year ago
I've addressed that stuff many many
times but you know can do you want did
you want to talk about why you changed
your name to vegan revolution
have you change earlier yet you know
Nova Josh I have talked about that at
length I started with a length and Josh
these are questions about my personal
life and this isn't how you talks to
sorsa when interviewed sorcerer Mirada
isn't how you talk to bite size vegan
you interviewed bite size vegan and you
asked her about why she studied Sanskrit
you showed her a lot of respect and you
show me nice
Josh Josh I'm just pointing out to you a
contrast between the way you talk to me
and the way you talk to other people
you've interviewed including sorcerer
Moya
you only need for this difference as a
price sorry sorry what what respect do
you think I deserve Josh why don't you
go ahead and tell me why don't you tell
me why show me comparing me to sorcerer
murasa why don't you tell me just how
much less respect I deserve compared to
certian Robin I knew searching Rob's
back that anywhere before channel got a
no facebook message that would you just
send in your key behind this big
difference between 9 : just messaging
and empowerment yeah but that's Josh did
you not hear what you said I just said I
knew were like we had a few messages
that we're going to sync Facebook group
I didn't claim I knew or in any other
sense Josh you hear that and you think
that's a lie Josh you think I'm lying to
you Josh josh Josh Josh do you want to
get up go to the bathroom wash your
hands and come back if you sound rattled
man you think I'm lying to you when I
say after after inviting you to really
tell me what is the difference to me and
sorsha what is the difference I said and
I knew sorsha back in the day through
Facebook that's all thing just saying I
don't really have any against sorsha I
made videos supporting her you may
recall well I did treat you with the
same level of respect starting off and
put you in the top tens I gave you a
shout out you know I was killing videos
advise people to go and check out
channel to begin with the same level of
respect
yeah but as time went on and I started
to realize a lot very suspicious of you
you'd like literally predicted behavior
that didn't began up this is why context
your wife and stuff after you've got you
blocked me though like what I found is
like I'd gone through and thinking well
here's a guy I don't have intellectual
discussions about things are going wrong
within the vegan movement trying
critique it to improve it in homie I
would you say let's tell us what your
remit on YouTube one of my major topics
you can just check the playlists on my
channel I mean I do a bunch of things
but I always say again again
fundamentally my youtube channel was
about my life so you know I've got
videos ago Game of Thrones I've got
videos about a Song of Ice and Fire
I've got videos about how I learned
Chinese I got videos about rap music so
yeah it's part of what I do but you know
yeah yeah yeah so just over a period of
time I started to realize well I didn't
realize if I became very suspicious of
your motivations because it seemed like
all you spend your time doing leaders a
really good example of this right it's
like Gandhi right ganodi does a lot of
good his next good hang on angles before
you start rolling right get out before
like Gandhi did a lot of neck good in
terms of what he did overall for
Humanity for India right but then the
stories of him like hitting his wife or
some other he did maybe he was
like he molested some children or
something right and these rumors end up
being anyone who wants to discredit him
that ends up being their entire focus
and so I feel like a lot of your channel
is going to just trying to find that one
thing you can discredit another atticus
ways and then making that your entire
focus paper so Josh later learned a
little and since Washington's up if
someone wants to look up worse a Gary
from seoane Gary Yourofsky and these are
people who I think their motivation is
very pure I bet they're not above
procedure and when I think that seems to
be your role in the movement
with people but I'm a bit concerned that
when people look for things on YouTube
this is kind of like rule of idle
massive criticism about person before
they actually get to the content that's
going to benefit them and so you're
going to think that a community before
they even get to the leading stage
looking you might actually preventing
people from learning about veganism with
your criticisms so Josh how do you apply
these standards to yourself because I
have criticized Gary Franchione Eddy and
Gary Yourofsky for example in very
substantive very important matters in a
thoroughgoing and responsible way so for
example it's my turn to talk
wait if I didn't duck so for example
with Gary Yourofsky I address what he
actually says about violence what he
actually says about you know terrorist
groups like the a LF I directly quote
him I let him speak and then I give you
my commentary on this you never did that
for me you've never lived up to that
standard for any of the people whose
name you blackened I've seen you instead
presenting criticism of me which is full
of outright malicious lies innuendo
you've just claimed you never
specifically said I work for the CIA
you just speculate is it something like
that seems like a puzzle you you've you
trade in you trade in you know a form of
criticism I can't call critique and so
why don't you ask yourself this question
you've just asked how would someone
perceive Gary Yourofsky for example if
they first encountered Mullen my channel
how do you think people perceive me when
the first thing they've encountered are
the lies you tell about me because
you've now got two years of telling lies
a lot of them recycled from durianrider
but some of them made up yourself and
you said unforgivable things about me my
perverse my personal life my
professional life you've said that I'm
guilty of financial fraud so I'm gonna
do a fundraiser in the future to publish
this children's storybook let's ask you
what do you think the impact is on
people who might donate to support that
story book you know get a copy of the
story book and promote its donation if
what they know about me comes from you
or if what they know about me comes from
durianrider because you you've been even
worse than your mother
two years and I've seen that man I've
seen what you've said to saleable I can
worsen soon if um yes Josh I didn't ask
you Josh I didn't ask you if you agreed
you just presented a very clear set of
moral criteria for me why don't you hold
yourself the same standards you don't
you don't so Josh if you want now look I
can respond to the deeper part of your
question that's the first part of my
response I can we can have a deeper
discussion for the nature of critique
within the vegan movement with
individual Emma I'm very happy to talk
about that but Josh what you're doing
really is projecting what you're doing
is projecting onto me a sin you will are
much more guilty of and when you're not
interested in kicking yourself
accountable now look about Gandhi about
why I rolled my eyes because we can go
back to this I'm not evading it I'm
happy to discuss the issue of critique
in depth I really am but let me just say
you start psych eval Gandhi
formerly you talked about the Holocaust
World War two and Nazis right I can ask
you and I already asked the question
have you read three books about Gandhi
have you read three books about the
Holocaust in world war two because my
impression of you is during your whole
podcast about the Holocaust etc you were
constantly invoking the fact that you
didn't know what you're talking about
you hadn't done any reading but here's
your opinion you did that repeatedly and
I would you say if I knew as little
about Cambodia as you know about World
War 2 and the Holocaust I would never
have made a youtube video talking about
Cambodia Josh am i joking with you right
now I'm being really sincere with you
and answering you I think you can go
ahead and talk about Gandhi you can do
book reviews you can do video cellular
stuff if you've read three books about
Gandhi and about independence struggle
in India or any of those issues I have
I've done plenty of reading about that
that's part of my education it's part of
my background okay but you choose the
same problem with direct action
everywhere when they some they also like
to call up Gandhi as an example and I'm
sitting there listening thinking these
guys clearly know nothing about Gandhi
so there is a problem in politics when
you're
choosing examples that you know nothing
about so I just say that's why I react
that way and that's that's a separate
concern but by all means we can talk
about critique I'm ready to talk about
substantive issues in politics and if
you're ready to also then I'm happy to
do that but you're not happy that you've
already made a video discuss me you
would just say oh I need a video on this
film okay well sometimes I mean look I
get email all the time asking me
questions like that people say why don't
you give it to a video on X and I write
back to oh I actually did already like
to me that's not hostile that's the
beauty YouTube so you know look I don't
know if you've sometimes done a whole
podcast on a single topic if someone
sends you an email saying why don't you
do a podcast on this topic you say hey I
already did a two hour podcast on that
or I did a 40 minute buck isn't that's
what it is man I will say the story
about his name is a pretty long story so
like the video is like 40 minutes so
that would take out most of the
conversation I think but basically am
sure my be associated with his family at
the time and Josh you're not my friend I
mean you know it's not like you I'm in
terms of opening the conversation with
this you want to talk about my family
life my personal life you know based on
your content your conduct in the last
two years you're not in a position to
start there I mean you could have
started by asking about my relation with
my girlfriend is sitting right next to
me this is an example probably that
would have been a relatively shallow and
casual type of conversation but Josh you
know as you say you gave me credit I
reached out to you and offered you this
podcast after you have been in layman's
terms a complete [ __ ] to me for two
years solid you've said unforgivable
things about my personal life of a
professional like you so stuff and do
you know know if you want to know about
that yeah I recently that the most
recent video you happened what happened
as my father died so after the death of
my father I said okay this is a good
time for me to tell that whole story and
it's a long video and yeah of course
it's a deeply personal topic and Josh
there's an asymmetry here you're not
coming to the table willing to talk
about any people's personal topics so
like I say I reached out to you for the
future of the moment totally also also
quite personal that's an unfair
assumption
I mean one of the things that I was kind
of keen to look into when I was
suspicious to be being some sort of like
shale or I they call him astroturf is
like a grassroots movement people to try
and cause disruption and I think I felt
like there was two possibilities like
intuitively I felt it was either wanted
to think it was either here's a guy
who's actively trying to do some soft
power like division within living or
here's someone who's got some severe a
childhood trauma growing up and he's
kind of just bringing it to the movement
and like so I think it is kind of
interesting you've never really talked
about like your childhood or anything I
don't believe on your own I think I have
I think if you watch portrayal AB okay
so thanks thanks Josh so your theory was
either you know so your theory based on
not watching the videos on my channel
which you don't take responsibility for
apologize for now see as foolhardy your
your theory your theory so you have you
have one or two theories one is that my
behavior is explained by being employed
by men's at Monsanto or the CIA so one
theory is that I'm that I'm a secret
agent
and then the only other explanation you
can think of is that I've been driven
insane by Sheldon tremor so tell me
something
the videos you were mentioning earlier
this is Josh Josh this is your
intelligent response to watching say my
critique of Gary Yourofsky and Gary
Franek that's what you think of after
that as I understand you the youngest
sibling of like 9g is that a secret or
is that something I talk about openly on
my channel and you therefore know it
Josh
so Josh you actually see no other
explanation for why some would want to
sit down and talk in a thorough way
about gary yourofsky's position on
violence or gary Francey oh nice
position on single single issue causes
you can't think of any other reason than
childhood trauma and insanity for those
videos Josh I really have to question
your intellectual David here let that's
that's that's what you got from those
videos huh and you Josh so you said you
were going to talk about deeper personal
issues
do you do you do you not feel any
interest
you just feel nothing when you look at
videos dealing with those kinds of
complex issues within the ism can I
still have messages from you back when
you used to thank me for those same
videos and used to say they were
insightful and important I know I know
that's how you felt about them I know I
don't you value it oh my god please
enter some of your content you pray and
if these things that haven't otherwise
been discussed and legal movement and
your winnings call some people out when
it's an unpopular move which mean Amanda
Jeff Nelson Sam Harris when you were a
fairly book and he pulled him out
for it and I appreciate Neil the person
to take on most people I think you know
in a way that Chris what why because I
work with the CIA or because I'm insane
because I had a traumatic childhood why
Josh what is it the qualifies you for
that let's hear Josh I stopped talking I
figured these childhood trauma by the
time he's done the Stan Harris and Jeff
Nelson call outs I figured it but
sometimes that's useful just so what I'd
say Jeremiah has done some good with the
movement and that is partly due to the
fact you so up he's going to take
on the wound without even like seven
years benches because he so relentless
and such an [ __ ] he's the person to
take down David wolf or Matthew monarch
and all these other kind of like memes
they were people just sending like deer
antler products to go and when he tried
to take down me what happened you what
happened Josh how did that work out for
us how does that work out from when he
tries do you mean so how did that work
up of Josh he tried to take down the
wrong guy huh I think the way you've
handled it is very typical Josh did I
ask you what what you like what you
think about angle it did I at do you
think I care do you think I want to know
your opinion Josh josh Josh is that what
I want to know is that what I want to
know Josh Josh let's let's come back
here let's come back your claim here the
view regard you regard critique Josh
Josh no Josh I'm not trying to propose
the right when you were suggesting I was
a bad person
I said you Josh I'm a terrible person
you don't know the half I'm not going to
debate with you with another good person
I'm not here to defend my moral
character understand being right being
wrong I have no interest in that
none Josh listen real carefully Josh
listen real carefully
Josh my only interest in this
conversation is in the future of the
movement okay that's why I engage in
critique and I'm really Josh Josh it's
your time to listen there's an interview
you're interviewing me right I'm not
interviewing you alright job I'm not
here to ask you about the man behind the
mask
I'm not here to ask you about your
childhood I'm not here suggesting your
behavior is because of gel drama you're
the one suggested to me but Josh the
role of critique Josh the role of
critique is so alien to you Josh I'm in
mid censor you're Josh okay
okay Josh okay Yosh the role of critique
is so foreign to you that you look at
criticism of that kind like my videos
and Gary are asking your friend Tony and
you think I must be insane and I must be
the victim of childhood trauma they've
done that Josh this says a lot about you
and your intellectual life because you
work in the film industry where critique
is actually an integral part of the
industry where critics are respected and
esteemed even though they can't do the
same things as the people they criticize
I don't think you say to someone who's a
critic hey you're not as good a director
as the person you're criticizing
therefore you know gonna have an opinion
okay white why can't you why can't you
regard what I do in the same way that
you'd regard critique within the film
industry
I think I'm asking you a perfectly
reasonable question Josh hang on Hank
okay thank you
and we are back I'm not hanging up on
you this just attack understand so not
into recording spat that's what I want
to understand as you want as you ever
okay so no I just I just put you a
question
I said look Josh I'm inviting you to
really consider why it would be that the
concept of critique itself is so foreign
to you that your only explanation is
that I must be insane most of the
program given that you have a background
in film that is you said me a given you
have a background in film and in the
film industry the role of the critic and
the importance of critique I think is
very well understood I think it's very
well understood of something different
from the director or the gaffer or
anyone else in history I think it's
understood to be something important and
valuable yeah I mean I think that
critiquing activism is different you've
got a lot of opinions on it having not
really done any activism yourself are if
we're getting a really bad connection in
what we were just training the video I
hear you find it this end at this end
you sound perfect just being honest I'm
before in this in China so I can send
you the mp3 afterwards I mean if you
want if you want me to send you the
unedited audio I can do that it's no big
deal okay because we have this end you
you don't perfect now yeah yeah you've
got a lot of things on actors and having
not that it's all theory it's not from
experience which means is not wisdom is
just so sometimes knowledge sometimes
okay so let's let's let's pretend that's
true let's pretend I have no experience
in politics or activism okay let's
pretend it's true do you in the film
industry say to someone how dare you
criticize this director when you've
never directed a film do you say that
yes or no who votes on the Oscars Josh
Josh who votes on the Oscars are only
people who are actors able to vote on
best ask actor Josh Josh let me let me
ask you something else the whole
academic discipline of philosophy of
political science
do you think you say hey how dare you
criticize President Nixon when you've
never been present United States is that
a valid response to critique because I
come out of an academic background and I
have all kinds of experiences you don't
have so so look Josh you've said in the
past you thought my backstory was a lie
that I didn't really live in Laos and
Cambodia but I wasn't involved in First
Nations politics and the Green Party in
ecology okay so look Josh Josh you I
have seen you say it more than ten times
the internet that my backstory is a
fraud I've seen you so much so you can
lie now but you've said it and I'm not
managing but Josh given what you know
what my backstory I think I'm I'm much
more qualified than a film critic is to
comment on a director and Josh you come
out of a field you come out of a
discipline where that role was respected
and seen as vital to the progress of the
art form okay so you're holding people
to very strange standards here so Josh
even if it was true even if I had never
been involved with the Green Party if I
had never been involved ecologic or
politics if I'd never been involved with
First Nations politics or Laos or
Cambodia if I never any of these
experiences that do color my videos Josh
I would still have a role and you know
it and you know you should respect it
and shame on you for suggesting that I
must be insane that it must about a
traumatic childhood that there's just no
other explanation for why I would take
on that role in pointing the finger at
someone like Gary Yourofsky and saying
hey this guy this guy is so pro violence
he says the al f is not violent enough
those are issues that are really worth
discussing those are debates we really
need to have with the vegan movement
another one you know I was the one guy
who stood up and raised the issue of
castration of animals was a huge
discussion people were not having within
veganism hey castrating dogs a huge
issue what are you going to say to me
I've never castrated a dog so I don't
know okay sure man
sure we'll reconnect okay okay coo coo
we'll hang up and reconnect well we're
gonna
and we are back okay this is clear you
know good
obviously criticism is necessary I'm not
saying the criticism is bad in and of
itself and then like yourself who have
stayed within academia and just become
critics without necessarily doing things
on self sight and so I think being
depends on the quality of the criticism
there's still good criticism a bad
criticism of course when your whole
focus on gary yourofsky's in talking
about palestinians I've never done now
you make that I've never done that but
I've never done that I never raised the
Palestinian with him never once never
once never once that was not my issue
with them I'm sorry you can go back to
watch the videos
oh not Hank you have made that criticism
of no you're thinking of privileged
vegan you're thinking of another channel
there are other channels to raise that
privilege be I've never taken them on
honor
I've never accused him of being a racist
and that's sort of thing no that's not
my issue then like you knows the
Palestinian issue the Israel issue
that's never been what I raised to them
never though what's a more like three
videos I didn't them but you can see all
three I think I think there are three
may be misremembering it's four it's -
but no but do my videos I'm just saying
that's not a national example well if
you want to take it as a hypothetical
example because that is true like other
channels like privilege we again made
that a big deal but no it's not my issue
so I think to talk about in such a or
like your criticism of cowspiracy for
example which I thought was good it was
also it wasn't even enough because I
think you have to recognize the
cowspiracy does a lot good but your
whole focus was what was wrong with it
that's not true at all if you do think
you may not I think you may not remember
the video but it's a very positive video
but it is on cowspiracy I based on say
anything bad about the film I talk about
the type of bureaucrats you deal with in
government in political science but no I
don't say any motive of the film that
was my first video to get over 10,000
views and it's a very very positive
review of the austerity so I'm sorry I'm
you know just mentioned your memory it's
flawed in these particular examples but
there are examples I mean you know I
gave a very very negative
viewed a Casey taps book here baby get
over here I gave a very very negative
you - Casey taps book on vegan activism
that's one where you know throughout the
whole video most of everything I say is
negative that it's that's a bad book you
know I've said it's okay I'm good to
them
sir just messin polite sir I've given
you know I mean I think my video
reviewing Gary Francie Monet's book
again that's a good that's a mix of
praise and and criticism so you know no
I mean it is what it is man
again a lot of people their opinion in
my channel is not based on actually
watching my content it's based on what
the writer says about it and
specifically you may be well no really
because it's very influential thousands
of thousands people watching writer
thousands of people watch unnatural
vegan and other channels that only say
bad things about me and no they haven't
actually watched the the critiques
themselves so no I served that's just
not true but during a martyr himself
repeatedly stated that I had slammed
cowspiracy that's not true at all you
can go back and watch the video it
hasn't changed it's a very very positive
I don't remember
Harley saying I just remember watching
the video myself and you really focused
on like some of the folk statistics
which is my point was is the cowspiracy
repeated was a little bit more balanced
but with Gary Yourofsky you're not
looking at his neck good you know like
the good D does you just focusing on
amenities that that's like saying to a
film critic but you failed to say it was
a really great film I don't believe that
I actually disagree with you I don't
believe he's not good when we have a
substantive difference of views so I'm
not going to say that because that's not
my view as critic I'm sorry it's as
simple as that but you know that's not
what a my opinion about Gary Gary
Yourofsky yeah this is like the
hypocrisy of it is I'm obviously if you
feel are you being miss actress hang on
hang on like if you feel like you're
being Apocrypha please please you're
such a reasonable guy Josh I mean you
know I'm just wondering what's coming
next
I mean first it's that the only reason I
could be a critic is that I had
traumatic childhood and I'm insane or
I'm employed by the CIA as the episode
as if those are mutually exclusive
possibilities you're not giving the CIA
enough credit and what kind of people do
you think they employ but
but now now now I'm a hypocrite for
having made the incredibly
straightforward argument I just made so
let's hear it let's hear I'm a hypocrite
Josh first off before I begin I'm sorry
the body I'm getting a bit of feedback
again okay that may be a tax additional
hazard but I'd rather that thanks is on
to go back to which dead ages ago there
was a guy I think his name was like Bob
I want to say the Lambo or something
there's got Robert someone and he was
basically an infiltrator for the police
in the 80s when the al F was doing lab
raids and he was like I remember that
starring Melissa yet but I've actually
got a book I found this book from like
this Anika's library where I am there's
just this random Anika's library and
there's a good comic libel and actually
says that this guy was one of the main
people to come up with the idea to do
the McLibel leaflets then ended up
becoming this huge case against
McDonald's where they won so is actually
the police I remember all that
yes yeah the police spy ended up doing
like a lot of good for the movement back
he also he also got a woman pregnant had
a kid with her right that's the same guy
or is that a different story
yeah with this woman called hell in my
absence these people it very yeah and
they've never apologized for it as well
by the police and starfish weird well
your first thing is I'm not British you
should know that you know ya understand
art like please don't interrupt me I
feel stupid I have to say so I just let
me make my point before you cut me off
if you get offended away but but I feel
like I'm not criticizing you for the
sake of mischaracterizing when I say
that and I have done that in the past
just for the sake of like you know like
satire or whatever you want to call it I
like like you think oh please come and
keep grabbing the like okay is
that I think it's a valid point if
you're the youngest of nine don't grab
my friend is it there might be some sort
of art it's a useful trait to have in
some aspects but I think sometimes you
want to try knock who's ever the top dog
in the active scene of their platform
just because you've got this kind of
insecurity in the youngest and there's
older children in you these
if you want to it's kind of like this
thing of like oh I can I've seen it a
lot I've got like big families where you
know there's like five six kids and the
youngest one and I've had to be a lot
tougher and likes ladder the others just
kind of be find a place in the pecking
order and I do think that I think that
before I knew about the nine siblings
being it was kind of natural for me to
assume that maybe like there's some
ulterior motive other than perverting
the vegan movement now I can continually
are vegan I think you're you want to
progress the vegan movement but I think
you I think by the fact that you have
this insecurity with other people being
perceived as more of you know you think
you think insecurity is my problem Josh
that's your analysis of my character
your your sincere impression of me as a
person down to and including the fact
that I'm doing this Park as a man you
think you think insecurity so let me let
me just ask you compared to anyone else
you've met through vegan YouTube to the
security self-confident security do you
think I have more or less of a problem
with insecurity than say sorta murabba
then say then say any of the people you
met when you were hanging out with um
yeah when you were going to the meetups
in London you think that more or less a
problem with insecurity than vegan games
well why don't you tell me what your
standards are for security because in my
whole life of people have known me face
to face people hate me for all kinds of
reasons but lack of self-confidence is
not one of them Josh insecurity I have
never heard anyone claim that insecurity
is one of my character traits yeah
including your friend durianrider once
you ask him how insecure I am when
people threatened to beat me up in the
street okay Josh I don't I don't think
you've been watching my channel real
closely if your analysis of my character
is that what motivates my critique of
Garry Franchione a big one example is
insecurity so no Josh thanks thanks for
your psychological perspective I've
listened I tried not to direct you too
much but Josh
it's laughable because you're laughable
that Ansel seemed quite insecure let's
be fair you can really talk eating
directly handling and growing up you mr.
Chang Josh josh Josh Josh good I mean I
don't know how much personal information
you want to share but did not actually
grow up with eight siblings in the house
no I did one sibling in your house
that's true yeah you really didn't have
siblings to compete with constantly but
Josh you can present the same
psychological analysis and claim that my
problem is that I grew up with Sega
Master System instead of Nintendo like
you can construct the same your
line of reasoning here is only meant to
discredit me it proceeds from nothing to
nothing so there's nothing meaningful
for me to respond to here okay but Josh
yeah you know what it was really tough
growing up with Sega Master System when
all the other kids had Nintendo and you
know I just couldn't relate to them in
the schoolyard when they were talking
about Super Mario Brothers you know it
was real tough and that must be the
reason why I made that video discussing
the politics of Gary Franchione a you
know you've you've had so much insight
Josh no Josh uh and if you you read that
answer as insecure if you read that
answer is insecure it's obvious you're
willing to interpret anything is
insecure
Josh compare me to anyone else during
writer took on Josh
anyone else during a minor took on who
showed who showed more or less
insecurity says a lot of people
collapsed a lot of us feel rich shows to
me who is boosting war in Syria putting
a lot of words into my mouth as a strong
man and one thing you say miss your
friend during writer I've never I
wouldn't consider myself to have been a
friend of Jeremiah's I think had you not
discredited in the way you would he
would have fallen apartment away Abby
you seem to be taking is like a personal
victory I use I just cured
Oh who's putting words into my mouth now
Josh Josh back when during writers
started coming after me back when during
writers started coming after me you were
so eager to be his friend you were so
eager to tell him lies about me you were
so eager to get in touch with him
I've seen you do it you did it on public
comments on YouTube that I've seen where
you wrote your little poem in which you
claimed you just said you talk to me in
a satirical way you wrote your poem in
which you claimed I should never be
allowed to see my daughter again think
about that you said that to another man
another man in the vegan movement for
numbers you didn't say if someone works
at McDonald's
you didn't say that someone's working in
vivisection lab you said that to me you
said that I should never be allowed to
see my daughter again and then during
Ryder go to be like oh you have inside
dirt on this guy eyes'll tell me more I
want to get to know you wrote back
saying yeah I want to tell you do
reminder I've seen those messages so
yeah I guess you're right you never
worries friend Josh you were just really
eager to jump on the bandwagon at the
first opportunity to harm me and that's
all it is it's just hurting another
human being that's all you wanted to do
Josh you're saying this is based on
facts but I'd say like personally just
from my my subjective experience of you
I'm not someone who would be comfortable
like employing you as a baby third you
know I mean that's just my personal
credit that's just these you're blaming
me for my perception or energy based on
what I've seen of you Josh I'm not
blaming it all Josh from the first time
you brought up my moral character
I said you I'm a terrible human being
I'm not going to debate with you whether
I'm a morally good character or not Josh
you have no idea what I did in Cambodia
you have no idea what I'm capable of you
never will Josh I'm Josh look into my
eyes over Skype here you're not showing
your face but I'm showing mine
Josh Josh I'm a terrible human being now
why don't you tell us something about
yourself why don't you tell us what a
good or terrible person you are why
don't you tell me you might feel like
you're booking me by repeating the
ending and starting everything my name
just got home cast Josh Josh about every
said Joshua Josh that's not the question
I asked you Josh tell me what yourself
okay so I can't miss my it's like I've
got my feedback feedback is an
occupational hazard of the Skype column
in chat calling to China and is what it
is
I just went astray it's um
yeah I've actually just done a
seven-hour podcast discussing everything
I'm ashamed of and calling out my own
egging I don't know if you thought that
but you want to have an opinion on me
about experiencing one of my content
which apparently is not something people
should be they should okay so just your
friends think you're clever like do
other people find this intelligent when
you talk this way just look bad you and
I hang out with very different people we
hang out a very different walks of life
but like I don't know if you think this
is dazzling me but you just sound like
an imbecile afraid but we started
talking about the meaning of critique in
the movement and you had jack to
say you thought this was great a
character assassination vote against me
I think it's a meaningful topic but
you're not bringing anything meaningful
to it okay now you want to call me
insecure I said well I've got to tell
you something Josh in my life there are
people that hate me for being too
self-confident I get that all the time I
never get a problem with people saying
I'm insecure never I'm just telling you
that and your reply to that was well
that's a really insecure answer now Josh
you may think that's dazzling and witty
and intelligent I got to tell you from
my perspective that's like a log of
soggy Weetabix that's not really great
repartee but whatever I mean this is the
level of conversation Maddon with you so
we can talk about the role critique in
the movement but I told you again you've
repeatedly claimed that I'm trying to
debate that I'm trying to convince you
I'm a good person and I keep reminding
you know from the first time this came
up I said I'm a terrible person
you have no idea and I'm not going to
debate that with you anytime you're
gonna question my moral character and
fumarole character I'm not just going to
agree with you I'm going to go further
and say you don't know the half the fan
and so well I'd say you I called you
insecure in your cleaning to be
confident I'd say like that I'd call
that arrogance and arrogance is a
symptom of being insecure so no matter
what I say I'm insecure great agree
hundred percent Josh you the first
person to interpret me as insecure I
just telling you in terms of other
people's perception of me
excellent Josh Josh let's look at your
track record of being right and wrong in
the last two years all the
BET's you made whether it was about
durianrider whether it was about me was
anything else
Josh I can't remember anything you were
right about Josh Josh you bought a lot
of lies okay you you're a gullible kind
of guy
what were you write about last year Josh
was my court case real or fake was my
passport real or fake was I telling the
truth or telling a lie but all those
things you said I was lying about you've
been lying both intentionally and
unintentionally you've been lying and
you've been believing and repeating
other people's lives and I've been as
you're doing the truth I can't remember
any serious issue you were right about
Josh including Gary Yourofsky and Gary
Francine it's not like you took a
position on those issues it's not like
you made an intelligent video reviewing
the same book disputing the
philosophical issues I can't remember
anything you were right about this year
Josh why he couldn't carry friends yoni
as you said his name is very project it
says that you watch it on Vince knows me
yeah but you know I've also been Italy
it's an Italian name I'm basically doing
a halfway well in terms of Italian
actually the consonant sound would be
different but entire more like front
seal on a but you know like to
intentionally mispronounce his name I
find a bit bizarre so I kind of go
halfway with them where it's like I'm
Americanizing the consonant sound but
I'm not going to like delete a whole
syllable so but it's an Italian name
ma'am so you're saying you know how to
pronounce his name better than he does
no I'm just saying that's my preferred
pronunciation but okay interesting um ah
yeah first off you're a well-traveled
band Oh Josh Josh you're a well-traveled
man I remember you saying I'd never been
to Laos because I couldn't pronounce the
word aloud I remember you claiming you
could prove my backstory was fake and I
worked the CIA because of my
pronunciation of the word Lao a
monosyllabic words so you care a lot
about pronunciation you've traveled so
much Josh have you have you been to
Italy
why don't you and wait and when you
phoned my ex-wife was that satire to
Josh sorry Sagan when you phone my
ex-wife was that satire to nothing I was
just inquiry I was trying to understand
the situation better I'm just clearing
the entire story
because unreliable narrators are an
issue to anyone and we see we see how
understanding you are we're really
seeing that now Josh okay so it's like
two questions and then I let you just
like monologue answer is the lawsuit you
showed the paperwork why was Hardy
referred to his during Roger on the
legal documents and secondly secondly
why did you go to Chiangmai in the first
place okay well sure these guys should
these questions have been answered but
because his comments use the name Durham
Ryder you'll see the legal documents use
both so that's how you handle a legal
alias in the tie system so you know like
it'll say like durianrider Hartley
Johnstone because like it's this I think
again it's a different legal system but
that is the way they do the paperwork
there is that they state both his real
name and the alias used and I know
different countries have different legal
systems it's not real interesting just
you know you know Josh you know so much
about Gandhi I was just so impressed
when you claimed you greatly forget your
comments and Gandhi were so well
informed and intelligent now you're
going to tell me about legal services
and toilet Josh you're a font of
information what you want to talk about
independent woman in India weekend in
that that podcast you did it but World
War two in the Holocaust I could really
tell you'd read a whole pamphlet about
the history John but Josh if you want to
give me your opinion it can't be worse
than Joe bests opinion I mean maybe this
is what your compares will do maybe your
chuffed up and feel like you got well
informed perspectives because you watch
Joe best channel I don't know man but
you say if you thought that was if you
thought that was a sign of a shoddy
lawyer you know said well you know maybe
you could help me out next time Josh
maybe you can help me find a better
lawyer in Thailand do you do you have
some connections do you want to actually
help or do you want to be a troll who
sits on the internet and says the family
torren slanderous things about me
because that's what you've done for like
two years now I'm just asking
no but I'm asking you a question now
Josh why didn't you ever try to help
Josh I was in a tough situation you
never tried to help me why should I try
and help you this oh oh I've got an
answer Josh I've got an answer I've got
an answer because you can and because
you care about the future of the vegan
movement there's a great answer Josh
Josh that's a great answer Josh why do
you try to help
just because you knew me and because you
care about the future of the vegan
movement because yeah you could have
reached out to me at any point
positively and helped and you never did
your neighbourhood even today you're
still not how we're going to help never
you've never tried to be helpful okay I
was in Italy with Alex breezy when
you're constantly calling you more in
the middle of the documentary project
when you're like sorry how many phone
calls how many phone calls ever deli
icons how many phone calls ever at least
three name alone no one I had one phone
call with a little breezy so it if
you're if you're not if you're not aware
that you're lying I can't help you grow
grow I had one I had one phone
conversation with them and it wasn't
very long but Ali hey man Ali never
tried to help either but you sure didn't
so huh I have this idea everyone should
drop whatever they're doing even if
they're making a documentary battery Oh
Josh such a reasonable comment Josh Josh
so Josh what did I what did I ask Ali to
do what did I ask him do you ask me to
point no no I didn't nothing I cut off
Ali Tabrizi
because he told me he was supporting
durianrider I said well look man that's
you know in the situation he wrote back
to me I can tell you exactly what he
said he wrote back to me he said he
talked to Harley he talked so after
doctor didn't you talk to Harley and he
said no you know he's not going to
support my case because he's talked
normally he's heard hourly started it
so no he did not use the words I am
supporting during writer but for me it
was like look look man and he was a
friend of mine as much as anyone leader
that's a friend he wrote to me
responding to my videos I wrote in
respond
is talked about vegans talked about our
personal lives we talked about who we
were dating in as much as you become a
friend with somebody through Facebook
messages and that kind of thing
Sher Ali was my friends and I was sore
to see him go and I talked about that at
the time but you know if somebody is
your friend and then they tell you that
they say no I talked to Harley I heard
his side so almost said I didn't I
didn't ask to be congenital about me I
was shocked when he did I didn't give
Ali to Breezy any kind of ultimatum
about that but Ali didn't care and
didn't want to help and from my
perspective he was taking hourly sides
so look I've just spoke to that point
stating you so you do you want to lie
Josh do you want to live in make-believe
land like what's your point here
support your mother you just didn't want
to have a position on it well thank you
thank you for making up that story that
has nothing to do with reality I'd like
to tell you about my pet unicorn I feed
it only free-range organic mangoes like
dude Josh do you think I'm interested in
your perspective you're talking about a
facebook conversation you've never seen
and you started this claiming that I was
calling him constantly and had three
long phone calls with him when I didn't
so there's already started with you
either killing lies or repeating lies
Ali told you I mean maybe you made this
out maybe it Sonny told you maybe it's
just how your memory blurt it but
everything you've been saying is false
and wrong if you think I'm really
interesting your perspective on a pretty
brief facebook conversation that you
didn't see I'm not so thanks Josh for
volunteering you're ignorant and
dishonest opinion once again I'm not
really impressed
like dude as with Gandhi and the
Holocaust I'd advise you to talk about
things you know about or to ask
questions because otherwise it's your
unicorn those organic mangoes man I'm
really not interested in what you feed
your unicorn for the Moyne sense is um
with the Holocaust City what I do now
come on come on dude dude no no this is
exactly what I'm not going to you
transport when you know as much about
the Holocaust dinoball Cambodia will
talk to the hokum
I'm not I am not going to discuss the
whole cost with you
I'm not because you're speaking out of
ignorance the whole thing that I said on
that podcast was you just came at me
wait a minute Josh you came at me saying
I'm not qualified to talk about activism
you haven't asked me Josh you didn't ask
me
Josh you didn't ask me what experience
of God I've been to protests I've got
experience of activism you didn't ask me
you told me you told me I have no
experience of activism I do I had
experienced activism okay sorry sorry
why would Josh let me ask you Josh do i
or do I not have experience with
activism I do I also have a background
in politics that makes use of them but
Josh in European I'm not qualified to
read a book by Gary Fran Sione and do a
book review on it because I don't have
enough experience sexism statue
perspective that's that's the position
you presented here and we debated it the
rule is fatigue but let me tell you Josh
if there is one dude if there is one
dude on the internet who does not know
enough about the Holocaust if you hate
I'm a terrible human being because I'm
telling you straight to your face bro
you do not know enough about the
Holocaust to come to me with this and
you said yourself in that podcast over
20 times that you don't really know what
you're talking about but and you haven't
done any reading and you don't really
know the history but and dude that's the
end of it you don't know there's no but
and I'm not making any excuses for you
whatever you want to say about the
Holocaust I'm not going to hear it on
the podcast I mean it was turning on
next I know and look at what a great job
you did and dude when you've done as
much reading but the Holocaust as I've
done a book Cambodia let's talk about it
but dude next topic I have zero sympathy
for you there
you were talking out of worse than
ignorance and you see where it got you
oh I understand all the people
I know I know your excuses Josh I've
heard you excuse your excuses you don't
know what you're talking about but and
I've just told you that's not good
enough
Josh you I don't know how old you are
Josh but you're old enough to take this
l and hear this advice Josh I am NOT
look Cambodia
it's really controversial I
talked about mass murder in Cambodia
more than a million people getting
killed terrible violent history I would
not speak on that with your excuse of I
don't know what I'm talking about but
I've never read any books about it but I
wouldn't do that
I think that's immoral and bad and wrong
and I think you should live up to more
of an adult standard when you're
thinking about what you know and just
what reading you should do before
stepping on an issue like that
whether it's Cambodia the Hocus I'm not
particularly attached to the Holocaust I
got relatives who died in the Holocaust
I knew one Holocaust survivor face to
face I did growing up Josh Josh do you
actually think that's irrelevant just
let me talk you I'm not Josh I'm very
directly telling you I'm not letting you
talk and I don't think it is irrelevant
that I knew all duster about survivor
growing up I don't think that's
irrelevant Josh to you do you think
that's wrong this is you vegan yes we
met so that interests me she wasn't just
know I am no we met we met through vegan
YouTube I remember we could talk about
the relationship fine okay sorry
what next with you sorry I just review
so I couldn't I couldn't hear that sorry
just yeah did you have a Jackman oh she
doesn't ever on YouTube channel is
usually we met through we met through
vegan YouTube we met because she watch
my channel yeah yeah I see um as soon I
feel like you've answered maybe you want
to link to me a video where you discuss
instead but just like a simple answer on
what your motivation going to
chang-myung and doing videos with like
Jay Kings and stuff okay well III think
that's simple enough to answer it
doesn't take 40 minute stands we have
mentioned that in many different videos
including Q&A videos where the person
who's
you question live so I just say that's
no big deal but the answer is pretty
boring and detailed I mean I had a new
job I was supposed to start in Kunming
China so I had to do paperwork for that
job that paperwork included getting
legally valid documents from a hospital
and the hospital had to meet certain
criteria and I knew I could do that
in Chiangmai there's a good hospital
that they're little bit leased to good
hospitals in town touching my you've
been to Chiang Mai so you know I'm
talking about and I couldn't by the way
I actually couldn't get that work done
in Victoria before I left Canada so in
terms of what my options were I needed
to go somewhere to get that paperwork
done and somewhere I spoke the language
because I still spoke enough Thai at
that time to communicate and Thai you
know not at a great level but simple
interaction so that was one reason for
it to be chiang mai specifically you
rather than say VN Chen capital city of
Laos or what have you but I needed to go
somewhere where I could get a good
Hospital get that paperwork done I
wanted to be in a city preferably that
had a Chinese Embassy in case there was
a problem with the paperwork or go to
the embassy and Shang might does have a
Chinese embassy so there were a bunch of
considerations like that and then I was
going up to Quin Ming so I arrived
before the festival started and I left
only a few days into it beginning I
wasn't there for the festival but it's
also true I did have a couple of friends
in town who I met up with you mentioned
Jake Eames I really liked his channel it
was taken down because of people like
you Josh which is sad you know sorry
what did I you say I said it was taken
down because of people like you I didn't
say you did yeah the kind of behavior
you show on the Internet
I know a lot of people have quit because
of yeah and including your picture Josh
you engage in a lot of sleep chamber
behavior on the Internet Josh you engage
in a lot of shameful Damon that you say
a lot of things just are people's
feelings Josh I can just throw up
screenshots of the things you said
trying to make unnatural vegan cry it's
ridiculous like you you get at me you
say I'm an unreasonable critic when I'm
criticizing a natural vegan I'm talking
about the content of our philosophical
political views I've seen you just
engage in the most vile attempts to make
her cry personal insult and I've seen
you done all kinds channels and yes Josh
I know people who have quit vegan
YouTube because of the content that you
you and people like you bring to it sure
it's sad people quit the scene because
of the poison you bring to those and
well that's the answer aggression was
Chiangmai I had a bunch of practical
reasons to be there and then also a
couple of people like Jake and Lea were
in town who I know it can meet up with
and then met up with other vegans who
wanted me with me
so yeah I've talked about that from
different angles in different videos and
interviews and Kunis I personally found
video I'm getting a fever
it's um I personally found the the
content that you made with Jay Kings
quite disturbing because it almost
seemed like you were grooming him to
kind of by speak your language and have
your opinions and he was just happy to
have a friend he felt quite
disassociated from the rest of the group
and you were quite keen to just point
out all the negatives of Chiang Mai and
to really kind of like cook his
worldviews yours and then like a for
example in vegan to you Josh you're an
idiot do your friends think you're
insightful when you say this kind of
like this is your opinion of my
relationship with Jake Eames what the
man like you do you talk this way
to people face to face like yes you
personally found it this well just let
me tell you something else Josh every
single person I knew who was your friend
two years ago none of them are your
friends now I know a lot of exam FS
people write to me I know a lot of
people who hate you and not even for
your antics personally so dude you
should probably examine this behavior
like I could say something equally Josh
I could say something equally as
horrible about you talking to Zarya and
I don't I could say yeah well you know I
watched your video here's my
psychological theory about your
relationship with Zarya I don't say that
to you I haven't said anything like that
you in this whole conversation you
repeatedly do this now it also happens
that you're wrong to a ridiculous extent
but Josh I don't know you know if this
the way you talk to people it explains
to a large extent to me every single
person I knew who back to you or was
friends they were just who knew you and
was cool with you for meeting you at
vegan events you know we touched base
you're at the same picnic or whatever in
London every single one this person said
to me Wow I now realize what a
despicable piece of garbage the
revolution is like dude you've got if no
I say
I said I said everyone I know Josh I
said everyone I know who's known you
over these last year's that's everyone I
know there are other people I don't know
I'm sure you got friends I'm sure you
got friends who really love it when you
say I watched a video on youtube of you
talking to someone else and here's my
psychological theory about your
relationship but there are people who
really appreciate your insight and I
think you have got to be the worst
possible witness that but Josh you're
batting zero here you're batting zero
for a thousand every single one of your
theories has been an L so thanks for
your theory about my relationship with
Jake but it's garbage
no next theory next brilliant insightful
question okay so from talking to your
wife she said you can your portrayal of
being the father and being very involved
and begins like and you'll even watch my
channel I haven't seen my daughter in
years with it
we need hang on you already sit here
while you're telling lies about my
personal life my relationship with my
daughter everything I study with your
own version of you took my mom's
understanding the point in front of me
and I just have to sit here in this do
shout my name on repeat just calm down
me right so judge why should I calm down
Josh why should I calm down you're
talking about my relationship with my
ex-wife and my daughter what why should
I calm down yeah we tried what Josh even
better
why should I hear you out Josh you've
opened with a lie claiming that I
misrepresent how involved I am with my
daughter I haven't seen my daughter in
years and Josh you know you're lying
you were personal friends with me Josh
you were personal friends with me the
last time I saw my daughter and you sent
me messages saying how meaningful it was
the video I sent back from Germany I
went to Germany and went to France to
see my daughter and you wrote to me
personally you said how moving it was to
see the video footage of me playing with
my daughter
you wrote that to me you you are living
a lie on many different levels you're
Josh you're pretending to be someone
you're not
Josh Josh
you Josh did you or did you not Josh I'm
not insecure Josh I'm not insecure I'm
mortified I disapprove of what you're
doing everyone would love to be their
own princess you don't get to baby Josh
not really I mean why would I want to
hear your opinion about my ex-wife and
my daughter of all topics you've already
done an incredibly bad job of responding
to what's actually on my youtube channel
but okay let's let's hear you make an
ass of yourself yet again after your
brilliant insight into my relationship
with Giggy well first that's the line is
she's your ex-wife she's still your wife
that's kind of fine judge you want me to
reply or not notify or not you think I'm
lying by referring to someone as my
ex-wife who I have been legally
separated from for three plus years like
what do you want me to refer to as my
current wife would that would that be
more accurate to you I haven't seen her
or slept with her in years we've been
separated and we filed for divorce and
the paperwork's incredible so you think
ex-wife is a lie you think someone who
separated referring to the woman they've
been separated from for years as they're
actually you think that's a lie
and you think it would be more honest if
I went around calling her my wife that's
what you think
ex-wife is like disingenuous in terms of
legal sense oh no you said it was a lie
Josh you said that's a lie okay Josh so
Josh you know what Josh I'd like to
apologize you seeing as you've been so
good at posing I'd like to apologize to
you for referring to the woman I've been
separated from for years as my ex-wife
I really see how compared to the level
of dishonest that you engage in the
internet that you'd really be offended
by that Josh I see you're very sensitive
about truth and honesty when it's
convenient for you so he made the claims
you spend most of your time sitting in
another room have
nothing to do with being a parent and
while reading books him yeah and um she
said one thing that was very disturbing
about your behavior was that you'd spend
a lot of time practicing how your
emotions look in front of a mirror
interpret the emotions that came across
so that people would understand
I mean German said oh yeah these are all
lies and Josh you know you've got in
touch with somebody who was you know
obviously in a disturbed in mourning
state and also somebody who engaged in
an active campaign trying to defame me
across YouTube you know my ex-wife as
you probably know got in touch with
vegan cheetah she got in touch with Joe
vegan and she got in touch with other
youtubers I'm forgetting some of their
names now and this has been documented
and she was just out to say you know the
worst thing she could make up about me
and that's very sad and we just talked
to her last night you know I think she's
now trying to turn over more positive
leaves but you know this is situation
where Josh I think it should be pretty
obvious to you even just looking at the
context that you're being lied to by
someone who has no other reason to get
in touch with you like what do you think
her motivations were you've started what
your motivations won't talk to her but
what do you think her motivations
weren't talking to you I don't I was
done Josh I don't want to know I'm just
telling you something might do so you
were saying that I shouldn't trust her
because she's got motivations but all
your motivation pure Josh of just you
Josh I haven't said anything like that I
just answered your question no no it's
not Josh you could rewind and listen
back later Josh I didn't use the words
pure or impure or anything like that
Josh I gave you a very factual account
of the fact that my wife got in touch
with a number of youtubers and it turns
out you're one of them and yes what you
were told were lies and if you know
anything about that context it's not
really surprising that their lives so
that one Josh that's not insecure to you
because I mean it seems like your
analysis of everything is that on the
one hand I'm insecure and they'll end up
dominating and grooming people because
you know what the truth is Josh I'm
grooming you I'm grooming you right now
to take over my youtube channel
that's the future I have plant you Josh
step by step you will be a future voice
on a ballast yell that's my secret
planner Josh step bye-bye delicate steps
it means you're being you're being
groomed then you don't even know it you
know why because you're too insecure
because you're too insecure I'm talking
to you Josh you're the dynamic between
Melissa and yourself is very similar to
the takings videos Thanks
okay our next question you were talking
about net good earlier and you're saying
I'd agree with you that um Rhys probably
had let you've done less good then he's
done more bad than good basically I'd
agree with you on that um hang on I'd
encourage you to target yeah why don't
you talk a little judge why do you talk
about your own past relationship
wouldn't though because there was a time
when you really believed and then you
lost faith you know yeah but you were
saying you want to talk about person
yourself you could talk about that I had
zero relationship a dream idea if any
comments I left the Hadees videos were I
mean just it's like enemy of enemies not
necessarily a friend you know that's the
assumption you seem to be making there
Bo I like with Gary Yourofsky you're
saying he you would argue that he has
done less good than he's done bad you
the same question it's like overall is
it to evaluate it the same way turning
the criticism to yourself do you think
you've done more good or more bad in
terms of your divisive ness of the
movement and your creases and correctly
it's been more useful than then it's
done harm well let's let's respond to
the word divisive is it divisive to talk
about the ethics of castrating dogs no I
really want no no no I hope in Josh I'm
not I'm not I'm not asking about whether
you grow I'm just talking with the
nature of divisiveness now you know
during a writer himself says that he's
polarizing which really means about the
same thing as divisive here you know now
if you ask me is but look I'm answering
your question if you ask me is it
divisive to take a strong stand about
castration of dogs domestication animals
I would say yes it's the
but if you ask me is it a bad thing or
is that a meaningless debate to have or
is that dividing people for no good
reason or having a bad effect I would I
would say no this is a really meaningful
conversation AB you know etc etc so no
this is a really meaningful set of
questions at the moment now likewise any
of the book review videos I did you
could look at any of the negative book
reviews so it's a very very negative
book review of will Kim Lucas book which
is on the citizen in citizenship
approach animal-rights and you know it's
a really harsh I did in two parts that
it one that's polite and one that's
really harsh so is that divisive I think
book reviews are really important for
what's going on in veganism right now
and if it's divisive its divisive about
really meaningful and important issues
now by contrast your campaign against me
was divisive you're leaving hate
comments against a natural vegan you're
telling lies and slanders if you do is
divisive and it's not about meaningful
issues in those ways not at all I can't
say that about you so I think that
certain types of debates are going to be
divisive and I completely accept that
and I think some things are worth
debating and not others now you know are
some of the issues that are raised on my
channel silly yes you know vegan Ava
made a ridiculous t-shirt in Thailand
and we all have to laugh at that I
remember that now but if you ask me is
that video divisive I would I would say
no not really I think that was just
laughing at something that's silly and
you do a lot of laughing and stuff
that's silly to and I think that's I
think that's part of the joy of YouTube
I want to I want to give you a
compliment ear when I first discovered
your podcasts what I loved about it was
that you were treating people like
celebrities and to me they were
celebrities you know I mean it was like
I felt like a Cena government no it is I
think no it's not no to me to me when I
first discovered your your podcast you
had like an interview with Abdullah the
guy from the glucose Network and back
then he had only like 500 viewers he was
a really small YouTube channel but whoa
Wow here's an interview with these like
obscure characters that I know and the
people who were really following
veganism knew you know being interview
to say to me that was thrilling there's
enough of a demi-monde there's enough
going on in veganism that you can kind
of have entertainment
the news and you know this kind of stuff
with the veganism so to meet your
channel was this was this you know kind
of bright and interesting thing in that
context so likewise you know some of the
stuff I have a laugh at like vegan Ava
made this ridiculous t-shirt I don't
think that's divisive and I don't think
it's harmful to the Future the movement
so you know and now again you can ask
yourself that question whether or not
you've been divisive about substantive
issues or if you've been lying inside of
you and you can obviously look at people
like durianrider who are in their own
terms also divisive and look at what the
issues are and I think you know even you
would say some of the issues during
writers engaged in you can give them
credit for and a lot of others you can
ya know right so on to actually answer
the question is a non-political
roundabout way do you think you've done
more naked or all in that bag I don't
believe either I don't think I've done
good or bad I'm just being honest you
know it's study politics and then I'm
surprised no I'm directly answer your
question I don't believe that having a
YouTube channel talking about my life
and doing book reviews I don't think
that's doing good or doing that and I
think you may be stuck in a delusion
where you're losing touch with the
difference between the digital
demi-monde and the real world I mean in
the real world I teach students at a
university you can ask me if I'm doing
Goodridge embed in the real world like
the humanitarian work in Laos that's a
real discussion they did the
humanitarian work do more good or more
harm but no having a YouTube channel is
like having a conversation in a coffee
shop and you've heard me say that many
times on my youtube channel I know is
saying that already two years ago and I
think you're really engaging in a kind
of megalomaniac delusion big rev if you
think that what you're doing is really
doing harm or good in that sense because
the reality of what we're doing you know
is really like a bunch of people sitting
down in the coffee shop and have a
conversation and sometimes we talk about
how ridiculous vegan avis t-shirt is and
sometimes we talk about real issues of
political philosophy and organization in
the future the movement and my channel
is says as both I think you reading
mischaracterizes my podcast say that I
interview people like celebrities I'd
say I I'd say don't I start objectively
the obvious that it's a conversational
style between people just call up and
forget to listen in on a conversation
it's not really mean to startle you
think this is conversational style what
you can do anything I'm not talking
about this I mean I wanted it to be an
interview I've said like let's have a
conversation
you got what I want that's not what I
wanted rev you never asked me what I
wanted you never asked me what I wanted
to work for another one of us that's not
what I wanted well I'm gonna ask you
want to ask me nails God you want ask me
now what I wanted because I'll tell you
Benjamin
what would you like the format of this
to be you know my own mother hasn't
called me Benjamin for like what's about
2001 power right would you say you use
some of her critical theory from our
books in the way you implement Josh I'm
going to answer the question you asked I
don't know 30 seconds ago
Josh what I wanted was to talk about the
future of the movement
and I wanted to give you a chance to do
something positive because you've done
so much dirt in the past you've done so
much negative you it's in your opinion -
Josh you're not proud of what you did
I'm not sure is good Josh Siletz Josh
look I start answering you say I
interrupt you a lot on your roofing Josh
when you look back at all these things
you said to unnatural vegan and to me
and the things you said supporting
durianrider and all the lies you told
and all the cruel you know just cruel
things you've written on the Internet to
hurt the feelings of your fellow vegans
I know you also write a lot of cool
things there at the village of
meat-eaters I know that's different
genre of your writing but where you're
really writing things just to hurt
people when you look back on that in the
last two years how do you feel about it
how do you think feel about now
so I don't underst you asked me how do i
you're kind of alluding to the idea that
I must feel a certain way about what
I've done right it's a totally open
question I'm asking you when you look
back at the last two years and all the
things you've said to hurt other vegans
including myself including a natural
vegan including many other examples I
can give not to hurt meat-eaters because
I know you also write in that genre when
you look back at that last year's how do
you feel about it why don't you talk
about that I mean that's such a double
bond that question you're kind of making
an assumption it's not a double buying
Josh but we both know what you've been
writing we both know what you've been
doing I'm not here to dither over that
when you look back at how you spent all
that time in two years and you know
you've heard people's feelings and you
know you've written really intentionally
in order her if it was including mine
you know you were writing to hurt my
feelings and to blacken my character and
offend me
when you look back at that at last
year's how do you feel that it you're
evading the question you sound you sound
really insecure Josh I've got to tell
you I haven't been insecure answer
patients you sound really insecure right
now and this is the third time I'm
answering the question you've accused me
of dodging questions but man how come
I'm starting to kill anyone let me talk
okay
you have some long silence is there
where you were being about to talk and
now again I'm going to put down this mic
and I'm going to invite you to answer
that question I like to think sometimes
before I just spout things out okay so
first of all I'm going to be clear about
the question you're claiming I've said
hurtful things I would agree that I've
I've put our criticisms kind of no
different into unity and I think there
is a real need in though what's become
like especially with YouTube with the
numbers are so like it's not like a
video you know that you've got like sub
counts view counts like income from it
there's a lot of things to turn a career
in vegan active into a pyramid scheme
and I think it's good to sometimes call
out the people where there you guys are
getting too big at the top and I expect
the same in return so I wouldn't say I'm
a hypocrite for that and I'd say it's
probably kept people in check like a
little bit
how you feel done all right okay so yeah
I'd say in terms of things that I've
written to a natural vegan
yeah very accurate that's how I would
talk to in a coffee shop especially
example I take Joe best I definitely uh
apologize because I was actually good to
judge my Vincent when there was a witch
hunter that in which you partly that
yourself yeah did anyone I've never let
me says I've never deleted any of the
videos about your best all of them are
still up he's never asked me to delete
them I've talked to Joe best me good my
videos of Oh Joe vest are not witch
hunting I said in a very magnanimous way
I gave him good advice I gave him a vise
about living in Thailand about making
friends
I gave him advice that was sincere based
on my own experience living in Thailand
but none of it was leading a witch hunt
none of it was accusatory none of it was
the fam'ly tori and none of it was I
mean there's there's nothing for me to
go back and regret or delete I didn't I
didn't join in the witch hunt at all I
didn't believe the lies were told about
him and I didn't make any allegations
against him that are false or anything
the kind but I gave him advice that I
myself have followed I told him if you
want to build a niche for yourself in
the vegan movement now do something
positive for example writing a
children's story book that was the video
I made and I've never written a
children's story book myself I told him
he should think about writing a story
book and Thai so whether or not that's
good advice that's advice I've taken
myself I was living in China I wrote a
story book in Chinese I said you're
living in Thailand you can write a story
Thai so Josh even this year
mischaracterizing you've now just said
that you think you're a critic no
different for myself I think the
difference between our criticism is
obvious for anyone who really is looking
at primary sources but it seems to me
you're pretty deep in delusion about the
nature of both your criticism and mine
you've just said I led a witch-hunt
against your best and it's very untrue
but you have also just said that you
regretted what you say so that's
interesting so we didn't hear that so I
wouldn't ask like you want me to give a
blank you say in the knowledge that some
things are the great
apologize for other things that I have
and I still stand by it and I do believe
that this platform of debate is like I
turned into a bit more of an art form
that people want to sit and watch as in
failing you know and there is an element
of like glad interesting really probably
really so you're pulling like a thousand
views now man for video right oh well
you you just know it's not you just said
you turned it into art form that people
want to want to see and Josh I I
wouldn't agree with that
I think you've utterly failed to turn in
to our front view I see your views on a
video that's a top ten video my purpose
for doing that is to bring a community
together you don't really there is a
community you stay about every angle
I'm from there Josh I'm just in shower
I'm just responding which said Josh so
your feeling is in the last two years I
asked you about hurting the feelings of
other vegans and you feel good about it
because you think you made it into an
art form that entertains other people
you know well said that to me vegan
cheetah that's exactly the justification
vegan cheetah offers I'd agree to some
degree on that like he has drawn a lot
of non vegans and just rude like
sensationalizing the fact the cheese
sandwich and just by telling lies about
people's personal lives just by telling
lies about my sex life just like you
repeating lies about my personal life my
divorce my wife my kid and you think is
nothing wrong with that okay I
understand so you and cheetah are on the
same level
I understand specific in regards to you
specifically what have I lied about Josh
Carlos like every morning you're gonna
create like a parent-child relationship
I repeat the same way namely
why do you feel need to give Josh star
you sound really insecure Josh you
seemed really insecure right now I just
said your name and your response was
that I'm trying to create a parent-child
relationship that doesn't say only
secure to you
does that insecure to you Josh
something you asked me why did I go to
Chiangmai why don't you answer the same
question why did you go to Chiangmai cuz
I don't remember you having any great
humanitarian motives when you went to
Chiangmai
we both know a lot about what
upon your HMO you can say the same about
London I've just tried to follow and
document the vision seen as it grows in
different areas and I went to China and
I realized it was for the plate
people taking Instagram pictures and
calling activism but like I wanted to go
there rather than just go on hearsay to
like understand where the movements like
almost on a journalistic level to have
the experience rather than just talk the
web being TVs he starts imitating new
saying permanent vacation blah blah blah
and then he's currently under parole
where he can't even like leave the state
experiences things so it's all
secondhand information I wanted to go
there for myself and see how fake it was
and it was probably faker than you even
made out because I you know I witnessed
people clicking on their own adverts to
like all day just to bring in revenue
for to live their permanent vacation
lifestyle I got more the firsthand
experience and authority on why it was
sheer and you speculating about so you
so you you see the important role the
critic within the movement a you see it
now you see it when it's used with the
criticism critic with experience and I
definitely I think criticizing with
experience is really important like
you've obviously come from a political
background and you've gone on some
marches have held some banners you want
to call that experience I mean
thanks Josh thanks well done eyes also
coming to says that so it's I'm trying
to have like a sincere conversation you
want to keep being sarcastic and say my
name over peers it's quite disingenuous
I think Josh of the two of us who's been
disingenuous here come on I'm answering
all your questions okay Josh you haven't
answered my question some of them you
said I'm not allowed to talk about and
you would talk over me I when it comes
to your wife or the Holocaust I'm not
allowed to discuss my opinion because
you just discredit before you've even
heard me and tell me online before I've
even made a point so that seems kind of
weird and I know you start talking about
sega mega systems if that's Reverend I
grew up with a sega mega system what the
you on about not why you're talking
about unicorns it's just it's all
surface treat from you like that a
natural whole channel and I see through
it I didn't charge Josh you sound real
insecure right now I've got to say Josh
you sound really insecure what do you
feel the need to say my name twice
the same sentence let's all behavior
okay I mean it is job training let me
let me ask you a question where do you
think you're going to be in the vegan
movement five years from now because you
haven't I said five years but whatever
you want over there Josh you've just
been explaining to me how you feel
absolutely no remorse looking back at
hurting so many vegan feelings at doing
the things you've done the last two
years and you've insisted to me that you
talk to people in person same ways I've
met what I believe because I know people
who've known you personally and who were
particularly disappointed and will hate
you till the day they die because you're
such a piece of face to face a
person Josh you've managed to whittle
down what used to be a big following to
the last 1000 people Linda let's do it I
don't know man dude I don't know what
your ambitions are maybe you really want
to accomplish something great but Josh I
want to give the floor to you what do
you see yourself doing the next five
years with special reference to the big
moon hangar just just to pull upon your
question that you're saying like Josh
it's a positive question you haven't
given me a single question that positive
this is an opportunity for you to say
something positive put aside your
insecurities focus tell me what you're
going to do for the vegan movement in
the next five years me and all your
patreon supporters would love to hear it
I mean if you want to talk about numbers
and growth through like correct
valuation like you've lost a huge amount
of subscribers over like the last year
- but consistently I've had consist josh
Josh did you hear the question Josh this
is a positive question I'm giving you
what do you do your answer you want to
talk about my number of subscribers Josh
Josh I've given you a positive question
Josh maybe you want to stop and take a
deep breath Josh your answer can't
possibly be my subscriber numbers listen
QB 1 that's when I'm talking you want to
create lies in the question and then
when I trying to book those lives but
then when it's the other way around
there are no Josh there are no lies and
the question I asked my my prior
question was how do you feel what we did
in the last two years
we heard that answer you don't feel any
remorse or regret you enjoy hurting
other vegans feelings and you feel
you've raised it into an art form that
entertains people that was your answer
okay and now I've asked you okay so
that's what happened last two years
that's how you feel about it and I've
heard from other people going first etc
so now looking ahead to the next five
years is is that what we have more to
look forward to is that what you can do
you're gonna keep trying to hurt
people's feelings
gonna keep phoning up the wrecks wives
and trying to spread gossip and slander
and innuendo still going to keep doing
all the things you're doing here Josh is
this the future of the vegan movement is
this the future of what you do with your
time is this where it's at man so first
will you or something else what are you
gonna do it next love you son Carter
listen so you're trying to say that my
top ten video had a thousand views
therefore I'm losing influence the top
ten video is not me debating anyone well
I don't I wanna know what the future
Josh I want to know about the next five
years and watching the next five years
Josh I'm happy to videos to get less
views if they help strengthen the
community even if that's not what people
see in the top ten that serves that
purpose I'm not trying to get as many
views as possible that's not lame so
Keith for you to use those kind of
videos as an example of what we're
talking about is it's not just incorrect
thank you that's not what I'm talking
about Josh completely agree that's not
what I'm talking about I'm talking about
the future of the movement I'm talking
about next five years yeah I just wanted
to address what you said wrong in the
question before I address the question
right which I think it's fair enough
you've said you don't even want to hear
the questions when you think they wrong
the next five years
what I see is there's going to be
following the the Gandhi quote or like
is quite with abandon I'm not I've
talked about Gandhi because you said I
have read three books even though I've
read more than three books but you keep
stating I haven't because you can let me
answer the question is this whole
paradigm that like it gets broken
Earthlings it's like regular and legal
movement is you know like they know you
be more Q they fight you win I think we
can see that like my style as the
movement develops between ignoring
being mock has to develop as the move
away so the way I see is when they're
ignoring this we I do have to be kind of
rude I have to be entertaining in order
to stop like trolling use of fair term
I'm trying but I'm not doing it to bring
people down I'm trying to get their
attention so it's a different kind of
art form of trolling I prefer to people
is God willing because there's a
sanctuary behind me I'm trying to
protect it's not just for the sake of
bringing others down for the sake of it
as we move into the phase where we get
mocked we have to talk like we have to
talk with a much classy in a stance
where it's not just name-calling and
trying to be a bad noise of movement yes
they have to answer things in a way that
seems reasonable once we've got the line
light on ourselves and then when they
fight us I think they're in a position
where instead of fighting back we should
be shaming ourselves so isn't there no
resistance from the fight and I'm trying
to play all three of those roles where
people are at different stages and as we
move through it moving
so my techniques are going to change and
they are changing I've definitely gone
from like a troll on Twitter who's just
trying to get through to millions of
people just so they've got the word
vegan and ahead whether it's good or bad
I don't care it's just publicity for the
vegan movement is not I don't care
whether they hate you I just want them
to know what the word is and what it
means and then off the back of that I
didn't want to make it reputable so it's
like or maybe veganism isn't about being
as they try and mockers like and we're
moving into that phase a lot now as like
vegan gains ask yourself everyone
started give the debate where instead of
it being called out videos it's a
conversation and then I think finally
the work we have to do on ourselves when
we show you our selves so the things
we've done wrong
allows for an open conversation that
stops the resistance of a fight so that
other people are comfortable to do that
too I've really structured that and I'm
going to keep being flexible with my
approach as Moodle grows hey Josh thank
you for your time yeah